README.md, before:

# LifePuck Project

LifePuck is a digital life counter and utility for tabletop and TCG games, designed for the [Waveshare ESP32-S3 1.85inch Round Display](https://www.waveshare.com/esp32-s3-touch-lcd-1.85.htm) board. It features a 1.85" LCD screen with capacitive touch.

The goal of this project is to provide a simple, intuitive, and visually appealing life counter for Flesh and Blood, Magic: The Gathering, Pokémon TCG, and others. It supports both single-player and two-player modes, with customizable settings, additional modes quick reset options, and a robust history.

If you have a capable 3D printer, you can also print a case for the device. The case is designed to be compact and portable, making it easy to carry around. It also fits the Waveshare ESP32-S3 board and the battery snugly, providing protection and a professional look.

## Product Links

- [Waveshare Board Amazon link](https://a.co/d/g4B9fnk)
- [Battery Amazon Link](https://a.co/d/2o6Rkg9)
- [3d Printed Case](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1635526-game-puck#profileId-1727766)

## Hardware Information

- [Waveshare ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85 Wiki](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85)
  - [Hardware Overview](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Hardware_Overview)
  - [Pinout](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Pinout)
  - [Schematic](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Schematic)
  - [Resources](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Resources)

## 3D Printed Case

The case was designed by someone else. I remixed it and modified it (within the license parameters) to be more fitting for this use case. You can find the design files here: [Game Puck Case](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1635526-game-puck#profileId-1727766)

## Software Features

- One and two player life counter modes
- Configurable base life settings
- Configurable increment/decrement step sizes
- Built-in timer for tracking game duration
- Quick reset
- In-app configuration menus for settings and preferences
- Life change history tracking
- Event grouping window for precise control over adjustments to life totals
- Smooth LVGL-based UI animations
- Robust state management and crash prevention
- Modular code structure for easy extension

## Getting Started

### Pre-requisites

- Knowledge of C++ and embedded programming
- Familiarity with PlatformIO and ESP32 development
- VS Code installed on your machine
- Waveshare ESP32-S3 1.85inch Round Display board

### Steps

1. **Clone this repository**
1. **Install PlatformIO:** [https://platformio.org/install](https://platformio.org/install)
1. **Connect your ESP32-S3 board** via USB.
1. **Build and upload:**

   ```sh
   pio run -t upload
   ```

1. **Open the serial monitor:**

   ```sh
   pio device monitor -b 115200
   ```

Commit message:

docs(README.md): update project name and enhance feature descriptions
Change project name from LifePuck to GamePuck for better branding.
Expand software features section with detailed descriptions to improve
clarity and highlight new functionalities.

README.md, after:

# GamePuck Project

GamePuck is a digital life counter and utility for tabletop and TCG games, designed for the [Waveshare ESP32-S3 1.85inch Round Display](https://www.waveshare.com/esp32-s3-touch-lcd-1.85.htm) board. It features a 1.85" LCD screen with capacitive touch.

The goal of this project is to provide a simple, intuitive, and visually appealing life counter for Flesh and Blood, Magic: The Gathering, Pokémon TCG, and others. It supports both single-player and two-player modes, with customizable settings, additional modes quick reset options, and a robust history.

If you have a capable 3D printer, you can also print a case for the device. The case is designed to be compact and portable, making it easy to carry around. It also fits the Waveshare ESP32-S3 board and the battery snugly, providing protection and a professional look.

## Product Links

- [Waveshare Board Amazon link](https://a.co/d/g4B9fnk)
- [Battery Amazon Link](https://a.co/d/2o6Rkg9)
- [3d Printed Case](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1635526-game-puck#profileId-1727766)

## Hardware Information

- [Waveshare ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85 Wiki](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85)
  - [Hardware Overview](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Hardware_Overview)
  - [Pinout](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Pinout)
  - [Schematic](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Schematic)
  - [Resources](https://www.waveshare.com/wiki/ESP32-S3-Touch-LCD-1.85#Resources)

## 3D Printed Case

The case was designed by someone else. I remixed it and modified it (within the license parameters) to be more fitting for this use case. You can find the design files here: [Game Puck Case](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1635526-game-puck#profileId-1727766)

## Software Features

- **Dual Mode Support:** One and two player life counter modes with easy toggle
- **Flexible Life Management:**
  - Configurable base life settings and step sizes
  - Tap to adjust life by small step
  - Long press to adjust by large step
  - Hold long press to continuously adjust by large step
- **Gesture Controls:**
  - Tap quadrants for precise life adjustments
  - Swipe down to access contextual menu
  - Long press for alternative actions
- **Built-in Timer:** Track game duration with integrated timer
- **History Tracking:** Complete life change history with event grouping
- **Power Management:**
  - Deep sleep mode for battery conservation
  - Smart USB charging detection (won't boot UI when only charging)
  - Button-activated wake from sleep
- **Customization:**
  - Adjustable brightness
  - Configurable starting life totals
  - Persistent settings across power cycles
- **Polished UI:**
  - Smooth LVGL-based animations
  - Touch-responsive circular interface optimized for round display
  - Context-aware menu overlays
- **Robust Architecture:**
  - State management and crash prevention
  - Modular code structure for easy extension
  - Event-driven gesture system

## Getting Started

### Pre-requisites

- Knowledge of C++ and embedded programming
- Familiarity with PlatformIO and ESP32 development
- VS Code installed on your machine
- Waveshare ESP32-S3 1.85inch Round Display board

### Steps

1. **Clone this repository**
1. **Install PlatformIO:** [https://platformio.org/install](https://platformio.org/install)
1. **Connect your ESP32-S3 board** via USB.
1. **Build and upload:**

   ```sh
   pio run -t upload
   ```

1. **Open the serial monitor:**

   ```sh
   pio device monitor -b 115200
   ```
